in conjunction with line six we
partnered with a company called jamot to
make this great program they've licensed
original masters advanced like Boston's
off the / Lamb of God all sorts of
Albert King all sorts of styles and I
can play the track back and play along
with my favorite band this is not a
cover band doing Boston's more than a
feeling this is actually Boston and I
can take the guitar tracks and mix them
out and play along with it and just
listen to the band when I plug the
mobile in and it automatically loads a
guitar tone which is appropriate for
that particular song and of course I can
change it if I want to and do it
manually let me just give you an example
I'll take the guitars out and I'll play
along
no unplanned
so what a great tool to be able to play
along in addition to that I can click
and I can look at the music the courts
or I can also look at the tablature if I
want to so if I wanted to use a tablet
sure of the song versus the sheet music
that's an option right there so it gives
me either option and I can also record
along so I can take this track and I can
record myself playing more than a
feeling and share it with my friends
there's a whole library of songs a
variety of things Paul Gilbert Dream
Theater deep purple smoke on the water
there's a whole thing of selection of
different songs that are optimized for
this and in one of them that has line
six logo will automatically work with
mobile men and load the appropriate get
to our town and that's Janet and that's
our partnership
you